GitHub :- GitHub is an Internet hosting service for software development and version control using Git. It provides the distributed version control of Git plus access control, bug tracking, software feature requests, task management, continuous integration, and wikis for every project.

1. What is a clone in GitHub?
Cloning a Git repository means we can create a local copy of the code provided by the developer. You can simply do it with a command line: git clone git://github.com/facebook/facebook-ios-sdk.git. and we can have the code in the facebook-ios-sdk directory.

Explore Git Tutorial for more information
2. How much space do we get on GitHub?
We get a space of 1 GB but if it exceeds 1GB, we receive a polite email from GitHub Support requesting to reduce the size of the repository and scale it down. In addition, here we placed a limit of files exceeding 100 MB in size.

3. What do you know about GitHub and its repository?
It is basically a source code management system that can be considered for both small as well as large-scale software development projects. Generally, it is widely preferred for error-free and reliable computer code. Although the users can keep up the pace with SCM, it is also possible for them to add features as per their preference. A Repository is basically the directory of Git where the metadata of the same is stored.

4. What exactly do you know about the GIT stash?
It is used when there is a need of storing the current state of a project so that the users can continue with the same at a later stage. There is often a need to switch to another job when one is active and developers can simply keep up the pace with such a situation with the Stash. It simply enables the users not to lose their edits.

5. What is the upper limit on the heads in the Gits?
There is no limit and users are free to involve any number of heads in the repository. It can be considered as a simple standard reference to a committed object. The commit object couldn’t be the same for all the heads.

6. What is the gist of Git?
Gists are a great way to share the work of any developer. They can share parts of files, full applications, or single files. Anyone can access gists at https://gist.github.com. Each Gist is a Git repository, which means, it can be forked and cloned.

7. How can we create a gist?
Creating a gist requires a very simple process as depicted in the steps below: -
(a). Sign in to GitHub.
(b). We should navigate to the gist home page.
(c). After this, we need to type an optional description and name for the gist.
(d). Key in the text of your gist into the gist text box.
(e). Following this, we should select either to create a public gist or to create a secret gist.

8. What is gist programming?
GitHub provides a hosting service that facilitates a web-based Git repository. It includes all the functionality of Git with additional features added in. The gist is an additional attribute added to GitHub, which facilitates the sharing of code snippets, notes, to do lists, and more. We can save our Gists as secret or public in the repository.


This file is now pull from the remote repository to the local repository and make changes into it.
And after that it will again push to that same remote repository.

This is called Git Pull Request.